Nattanon Ratri
Who is this?
Jade, I need your help.
Ok, everyone...
we will talk about the story of red thread,
which come from China, can you still remember?
It's about the god of love named,
Yue Lao.
Repeat after me, Yue Lao.
Hello.
What is it? I'm in class.
I miss you.
Hold on. Call me back during the break.
Napat, did you forget to turn off your microphone?
I'm sorry.
Who will do Miss Chutima's presentation?
I'll do it.
You won't be late again, right?
Umm.
Shit, this is a lot.
When will I get to sleep?
Hello.
How are you? Tired?
Let me call you back.
Are you okay? You can tell me.
I need to do a presentation. I'm tired.
You can get tired from studying,
But you will get in love from learing about me.
Not now, Boss.
Now is a ' no'but it can be a 'maybe' in the future.
Enough.
What's wrong?
Did I do something wrong?
Don't be such a child now.
It's annoying.
Fine, I'll leave.
I'm annoying you, right?
Wait.
Boss.
I'm sorry.
I've been having a bad day. I'm a bit stress.
It's okay.
How is it okay?
If you did that to me,
I'd be upset too.
But whatever I do, you won't care anyway.
I do care. I'm sorry.
Umm. It's fine.
I'm sorry for bothering you as well.
It's okay.
Can I have a hug?
Hug? How?
Raise your arms,
spread them out.
Boss,
I..
trust you.
Hey...
when will you take the filter out?
What if you're an A.I.?
Hello, I am Mister R.
You're silly. A ghost doll.
PM Chadchart annouced the cancellation of the nation lockdown, starting tomorrow.
Tono, have you seen the breaking news?
That's great, shall we go to the mall tomorrow?
Tomorrow?
Yeah, I'm so bored staying at home.
Also, I want to see you.
Hello, Tono. It's me Ter.
Oh, hi.
Boss is a bit sick to day. He has headache and fever.
I'll tell him to call you once he's better.
Okay.
Tono,
I have something to tell you.
What is it?
Please stay calm.
Tell me.
This is Got, he is a senior of my girlfriend.
It's such a small world.
I asked him, whether he knows Boss.
It turns out nobody know him.
Are you okay?
No.
I am not okay at all.
Shit.
Why did he lie to me?
Why doesn't he tell me the truth?
Calm down. Let's listen to his reason first.
He is calling me.
Let me talk to him.
Tono, I'm sorry. I got headache today so I couldn't go.
Can you take the filter away?
I want to see your face cleary.
I want to know how are you doing?
I'm like this.
Even when I have fever, I can still make you love me.
Hurry up.
Stop stalling.
I want to keep it on, so you will miss me.
Are you being serious?
Are you hiding something?
Seriously, why are you lying to me?
What do you want? Why are you doing this?
I...
The photo that you sent, isn't you, is it?
Answer me, Boss.
Why did you do it?
Do I look that stupid?
Do I look like a moron?
That's not what I think of you.
All this time, I've been trusting you.
I started talking with you.
I agreed to your stupid demands.
But you destroy my trust like this?
Why did you do it?
I'm really sorry. I didn't mean too.
I'm just afraid.
I'm afraid that you won't like my real face.
Stop making excuses.
I don't believe anything you say.
Were there anything real?
Fuck!
Goodbye.
Don't call me again.